📖 Add ux note for using embedded metadata in cluserctl (#3436)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/clusterctl/provider-contract.md

<h1> Embedded metadata </h1>

The `clusterctl` command can ship with embedded metadata for pre-defined providers.
If, as a provider implementer, you are interested to this feature, please send a PR to the [Cluster API repository](https://sigs.k8s.io/cluster-api).

</aside>

<aside class="note">

<h1> Note on user experience </h1>

> If the provider implementer only updates the embedded metadata and does not
> provide a `metadata.yaml` in the new release then the users of `clusterctl` will
> need to update `clusterctl` in order to properly install the provider. This
> will affect the user experience of users installing your provider.
> For example, see [issue 3418].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If provider implementers only update the clusterctl's built-in metadata and don't
provide a `metadata.yaml` in a new release, users are forced to update `clusterctl` 
to the latest released version in order to properly install the provider. 

As a related example, see the details in [issue 3418].
```
